Add warning to overriding Ansible variables (#2839)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_overriding-ansible-variables-in-project.adoc

The following procedure refers to hosts and host groups.
For more information, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}[_{ManagingHostsDocTitle}_].

[WARNING]
====

> To use overridden Ansible variables, a user must have a role that allows them to see those variables.

Reviewer: Can you please take a look at line 53? https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/6243070f7c89f52704201590ebf008fc7ad4fa79/guides/common/modules/proc_overriding-ansible-variables-in-project.adoc?plain=1#L53

Both your addition, and line 53, talk about how to use the overridden variables, right? I think you should document both together.

Author: I am not sure about that. That looks like next step after the procedure, while this warning is more of a prerequisite. Which reminds me, I should probably just put it into prerequisites instead of a warning. Would that be better?

Author: @asteflova

Reviewer: Oh, thanks for explaining! Yes, adding it to `.Prerequisites` is a great idea then.

Author: Alright, it is now in prerequisites.

> To be able to use overriden Ansible variables, a user must have a role that allows them to see the those variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To be able to use overridden Ansible variables, a user must have a role that allows them to see those variables.
```
Some options I prepared for you if you like:
1) Users must have roles allowing them to see overridden Ansible variables in order to use them.
2) The user must have the right role to see overridden Ansible variables if they want to use them.

Author: Thank you for the fix, applied.
